{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # Project Requirements: Strength Elite Single-Page Website\
\
## 1. Project Overview\
\
- **Project Name**: Strength Elite Single-Page Website  \
- **Purpose**: Showcase the Strength Elite brand, highlight Kev Toonen\'92s credentials, provide details on available programs, and offer a direct line of contact.  \
- **Technology Stack**:  \
  - HTML5, CSS3, optional JavaScript  \
  - Responsive layout for mobile, tablet, and desktop\
\
## 2. Goals & Objectives\
1. Present a clean, modern website reflecting Strength Elite\'92s brand and values.  \
2. Provide clear, structured content about the programs offered (Hyrox, Mass, Fit).  \
3. Encourage visitors to take action by exploring programs (\'93Find Program\'94) or contacting Kev directly.  \
4. Maintain a consistent design and user experience across all devices.\
\
## 3. Scope\
- **Single-Page Website** containing these sections:\
  1. **Hero/Intro**  \
  2. **Kev Toonen\'92s Bio**  \
  3. **Types of Programs**  \
  4. **Programming. For You.**  \
  5. **Real Results (Testimonial)**  \
  6. **Contact Us**  \
\
- **Styling**:\
  - A consistent color palette (e.g., muted blues, grays, and strong accent colors to echo the athletic theme).  \
  - Responsive design for all screen sizes.\
\
- **Deployment**:  \
  - Final build should be easily deployable (static hosting on Netlify, GitHub Pages, Vercel, etc.).\
\
---\
\
## 4. Full Copy for Each Section\
\
Use the copy below *exactly* as provided in the final website.\
\
### 4.1. Hero/Intro Section\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Strength Elite\
The Art & Science of Training\
At Strength Elite, we transform athletic potential into peak performance through cutting-edge programming rooted in over two decades of experience and a deep foundation in Sports Science.\
All programs are available on the Strength Elite App\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
**Images**  \
- Suggested **Hero Collage** using some or all of these images:\
  - **Runner** in the Black Sheep Run Club singlet  \
  - **Overhead press** photo of Kev Toonen in the gym  \
  - **Female athlete** performing a cardio/functional movement  \
- Consider layering or overlapping these images in a collage-style hero banner.\
\
---\
\
### 4.2. Kev Toonen\'92s Bio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Kev Toonen is a prominent figure in elite sports training, boasting over two decades of experience in optimising athletic performance across multiple disciplines.\
Renowned as one of Australia\'92s leading Strength and Conditioning experts, he plays a crucial role in helping athletes reach their highest potential. Throughout his career in professional sports, Kev has worked with elite athletes from Rugby Union, Rugby League, and Track and Field, utilising his extensive knowledge and innovative strategies to enhance physical performance. His time with these elite teams reinforces his reputation as a strength conditioning expert who is dedicated to achieving excellence in athletic performance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
**Images**  \
- Prominent portrait of **Kev Toonen** with arms folded (the one featuring tattoos on his arms).  \
- Layout Options:\
  - Two-column layout: Kev\'92s image on the left, text on the right.  \
  - Or a full-width banner with Kev\'92s image followed by text beneath.\
\
---\
\
### 4.3. Types of Programs\
\
#### 4.3.0 Section Heading\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Types of Programs
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #### 4.3.1. Hyrox\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Whether you're an ex-endurance athlete ready to conquer this thing called Hyrox, or a disgruntled CrossFitter eager to show who's truly fitter, we've got the expertise to get you race-ready. From perfecting technique to building the conditioning for one of the hardest physical challenges out there, our programs are designed to prepare you in every way.
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 #### 4.3.2. Mass\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Designed specifically those who want to build size and strength, our program is the ultimate solution for anyone who wants to take their training to the next level. You'll get access to cutting-edge training techniques that are proven to stimulate muscle growth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
#### 4.3.3. Fit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 This program is designed to maximise results in a focused 40 - 50 minute session, 3-4 days per week. We'll help you build lean muscle mass, which not only enhances your overall strength but also boosts your metabolism, leading to increased calorie burn even outside of the gym.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
**Button**: `Find Program`\
\
**Images (Optional)**  \
- You may highlight smaller, program-specific thumbnails (e.g., a weightlifter for Mass, a runner for Hyrox, etc.).  \
- These could be repeated or re-cropped from the images provided.\
\
---\
\
### 4.4. Programming. For You.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Programming. For You.\
Every workout is tailored to your individual goals, utilising cutting-edge Sports Science and over 20 years of experience to deliver measurable results.\
Based on Real Science.\
Our programs combine the latest research with practical expertise, ensuring every set, rep, and movement is optimised for performance.\
Driven by Your Goals.\
Whether you're chasing a podium finish or personal growth, we provide the tools, guidance, and support to help you succeed.
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 **Notes**  \
- Could be displayed in a 3-column layout or as stacked info blocks.  \
- Minimal imagery needed here\'97focus on strong typography.\
\
---\
\
### 4.5. Real Results (Testimonial)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 As a devoted runner, Strength Elite has completely transformed me. Not only have I seen massive improvements in my performance and endurance, but I've also stayed pain-free, which in my mid to late thirties, is something I could have never imagined.\
John Polson, Elite Runner
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 **Notes**  \
- Consider adding a background image (optional) or keep it simple with a pull-quote style.  \
- If desired, reuse the **Runner** photo or a subtle background with that theme.\
\
---\
\
### 4.6. Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 Get in touch today to start your journey toward a healthier tomorrow\
Email: kevptoonen@gmail.com\
Visit our website: strengthelite.co
\f0\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 **Notes**  \
- Encourage visitors to reach out or visit the website for more details.  \
- Simple, clean section. Possibly use a plain background or a subtle color to differentiate it.\
\
---\
\
## 5. Incorporating the Images\
\
Below is the list of images you\'92ve provided and suggested usage:\
\
1. **Kev Toonen Portrait** (arms crossed, black polo shirt, visible tattoos)  \
   - Use in the \'93Kev Toonen\'92s Bio\'94 section for a standout profile image.\
2. **Kev Toonen Overhead Press** (weightlifting with green Rogue plates)  \
   - Can be used in the Hero Collage or within the Programs section (e.g., \'93Mass\'94 program).\
3. **Runner** in a Black Sheep Run Club singlet (on a track)  \
   - Ideal for the Hero Collage or specifically referencing the \'93Hyrox\'94 or \'93Real Results\'94 testimonial.\
4. **Female Athlete** performing a cardio/functional movement (teal shorts)  \
   - Works well as part of the Hero Collage or near the \'93Fit\'94 program section.\
\
When building the layout, ensure all images are optimized for web (compressed, responsive) to maintain good page performance.\
\
---\
\
## 6. File Structure\
\
Below is the recommended **file and folder structure**, updated to reflect your images:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 strength-elite-website/ \uc0\u9500 \u9472  index.html \u9500 \u9472  css/ \u9474  \u9492 \u9472  style.css \u9500 \u9472  js/ \u9474  \u9492 \u9472  main.js // Optional JavaScript (e.g., for interactivity) \u9500 \u9472  img/ \u9474  \u9500 \u9472  kev-portrait.jpg \u9474  \u9500 \u9472  kev-overhead-press.jpg \u9474  \u9500 \u9472  runner.jpg \u9474  \u9492 \u9472  female-athlete.jpg \u9492 \u9472  README.md\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
1. **index.html**  \
   - All sections in a single HTML page (Hero, Kev\'92s Bio, Programs, etc.).  \
2. **style.css**  \
   - Global styles, layout rules (grid/flex), color palette, typography, responsiveness.  \
3. **main.js** (Optional)  \
   - Any interactive JS features.  \
4. **img/**  \
   - Store all images here, named meaningfully (e.g., `kev-portrait.jpg`, `runner.jpg`).\
\
---\
\
## 7. Additional Notes & Guidance for Cursor AI\
\
- **Exact Copy**: Ensure the text exactly matches the content blocks above.  \
- **Responsive Layout**: Include media queries or utilize a CSS framework (e.g., Bootstrap, Tailwind) for a fluid experience across screen sizes.  \
- **Design/Branding**:\
  - Keep a consistent color palette that pairs well with the imagery (blues, grays, blacks, or your brand palette).  \
  - Choose clean, modern fonts for an athletic and professional feel.\
\
---\
\
## 8. Deliverables\
\
- **Final Single-Page Website** (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) with integrated images and copy.  \
- **Responsive Design** across mobile, tablet, and desktop.  \
- **Deployment Instructions** or final hosted link (if applicable).\
\
---\
\
**End of Updated Project Requirements Document**\
}